In our college, students need to register for courses before new semester start. All of programs in our college take four years to finish. Each course has a unique designation, title, description, year (in which year of study the course is to be taken, for instance 2nd year course), and classroom. A course can have no or many tutorial sections, and no or many lab sections. Each course is taught by exactly one instructor. Each instructor has a unique id, name, departmental affiliation, office room, phone extension, and a unique email address. Each student has a unique id, name, and the year of his/her study. A student cannot be an instructor. A course can have zero or many tutorial sections unique to the course (i.e. tutorial sections are not shared by different courses). Each tutorial section has exactly one TA assigned. A TA can tutor more than one tutorial section for the same course, and any number of tutorials for different courses. A TA cannot be an instructor, however a student can work as a TA (in that case his/her student id is used as TA id).
A course can have zero or many lab sections unique to the course (i.e. lab sections are not shared by different courses). Each lab section has exactly one LA assigned. An LA can oversee more than one lab section for the same course, and any number of labs for different courses. An LA cannot be an instructor, however a student can work as a LA (in which case his/her student id is used as the LA id). In fact, a student can work as a TA and an LA simultaneously. Thus, a TA may or may not be a student, an LA may or may not be a student. A person can work as both, a TA and a LA. TA has the same attributes as instructor, the same goes for LA.
Each course has zero to many courses designated as its prerequisites and zero to many courses designated as its anti-requisites. Prerequisite courses are of the same or lower year, anti-requisite courses are of the same year. In the system we keep information of what courses a student has taken and what courses the student is registering. All courses are either Pass or Fail. A student can register a course only if he/she has passed all the prerequisites and has not passed any or is not registered in any of the anti-requisites. A student can only register a course of the appropriate year, i.e. a student in year X of study can only register and take course of year X 